K8SPXC-349 automated system users management (#470)
percona/percona-xtradb-cluster-operator: source/users.rst

Users
==============================

MySQL user accounts within the Cluster can be divided into two different groups:

> * application-level (unprivileged) users,

Reviewer: Instead of using parentheticals, lets instead change this formatting to be more readable.  Something like:

* Type - Description
* Type: Description

or similar

`System Users <users.html#system-users>`_
-------------------------------------------

To automate the deployment and management of the cluster components,
the Operator requires system-level PXC users.

Credentials for these users are stored as a `Kubernetes Secrets <https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/secret/>`_ object.
The Operator requires to be deployed before the PXC Cluster is started. The name
of the required secrets (``my-cluster-secrets`` by default) should be set in
in the ``spec.secretsName`` option of the ``deploy/cr.yaml`` configuration file.

The following table shows system users' names and purposes.

.. warning:: These users should not be used to run an application.

.. tabularcolumns:: |p{1.5cm}|p{1.5cm}|p{1.5cm}|p{2.5cm}|L|

> 

Reviewer 2: line 80, root user can be used in applications if needed. Operator doesn't use is anymore internally.
we created `operator` user for this.
we need to add it

``my-cluster-secrets`` and can be set in the CR for your cluster in
``spec.secretName`` to something different. When you create the object yourself,
it should match the following simple format:

.. code:: yaml

   apiVersion: v1
   kind: Secret
   metadata:
     name: my-cluster-secrets
   type: Opaque
   data:
     root: cm9vdF9wYXNzd29yZA==
     xtrabackup: YmFja3VwX3Bhc3N3b3Jk
     monitor: bW9uaXRvcg==
     clustercheck: Y2x1c3RlcmNoZWNrcGFzc3dvcmQ=
     proxyadmin: YWRtaW5fcGFzc3dvcmQ=
     pmmserver: c3VwYXxefHBheno=
     operator: b3BlcmF0b3JhZG1pbg==

The example above matches
:ref:`what is shipped in deploy/secrets.yaml<users.development-mode>` which
contains default passwords. You should NOT use these in production, but they are
present to assist in automated testing or simple use in a development
environment.

As you can see, because we use the ``data`` type in the Secrets object, all
values for each key/value pair must be encoded in base64. To do this you can
simply run ``echo -n "password" | base64`` in your local shell to get valid
values.

Password Rotation Policies and Timing
*************************************

> When there is a change in user secrets or ``secretName`` option, the Operator
> creates the necessary transaction to change passwords. This rotation happens
> almost instantly (the delay can be up to a few seconds), and it's not needed to
> take any action beyond changing the password.
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When there is a change in user secrets, the Operator
creates the necessary transaction to change passwords. This rotation happens
almost instantly (the delay can be up to a few seconds), and it's not needed to
take any action beyond changing the password.
Please don't change ``secretName`` option in CR, make changes inside the Secret itself.

```
